Hacktoberfest : Move documentation to Github (#44)
jenkinsci/deploy-plugin: README.md

Jenkins Deploy Plugin
=========================

> This plugin permits Jenkins to Deploy into containers and application servers. It takes a war/ear file and deploys that to a running remote application server at the end of a build. The implementation is based on [Cargo](http://cargo.codehaus.org/). The list of currently supported containers include:

Reviewer: Update URL to the current home of the Cargo project
```suggestion
This plugin permits Jenkins to Deploy into containers and application servers. It takes a war/ear file and deploys that to a running remote application server at the end of a build. The implementation is based on [Cargo](https://codehaus-cargo.github.io/cargo/Home.html). The list of currently supported containers include:
```
